[Docs] Add Python dependencies management docs (#17439)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/bindings/python/docs/requirements_management.md

# Python requirements and version constraints management

> OpenVINO uses a pip built-in feature called constraints in order to reduce requirements complexity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO uses a pip built-in feature called "constraints" in order to reduce the complexity of requirements. 
```

## What are constraints files?

Official constraints [documentation](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide/#constraints-files) describes them as:
> Constraints files are requirements files that only control which version of a requirement is installed, not whether it is installed or not. Their syntax and contents is a subset of Requirements Files, with several kinds of syntax not allowed: constraints must have a name, they cannot be editable, and they cannot specify extras. In terms of semantics, there is one key difference: Including a package in a constraints file does not trigger installation of the package.

> Constraints files have `.txt` extension and are an addon to regular `requirements.txt` files. They are useful when the project has multiple components, each with their own dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constraints files have the `.txt` extension and are addons to regular `requirements.txt` files. They are useful when the project has multiple components, each with its own dependencies.
```

Thanks to constraints files we can specify only the package names for different components and keep their versions in a centralized constraints file, which is significanly easier to maintain. 

### Example

> Two requirements files are linked to a centralized constraints file using `-c` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two requirements files are linked to a centralized constraints file using the `-c` flag.
```

    - Significantly less requirements files to maintain
    - Centralization of project requirements
- Easier pip conflicts management
    - Upgrading package versions is now easier
    - Package versions are soft-forced to be aligned across the project
- Groundwork for future package managers and utilities

## Known limitations and best practices

There are several known limitations to `constraints.txt` approach. The most notable are:

#### 1. Environment markers
Placing [environment markers](https://peps.python.org/pep-0508/) in `constraints.txt` files can be prone to bugs due to how pip resolver interprets them. Markers should be placed only in `requirements.txt` files unless it is certain they will work as intended.

#### 2. Inconsistent version requirements
If a package version differs between `requirements.txt` files, it can't be unified in the common `constraints.txt` file. The workarounds, in order of preference, are:
- Align the package versions between `requirements.txt` files
- Exclude this package from `constraints.txt` and keep its version in `requirements.txt`
- Exclude this `requirements.txt` file from constraints system

#### 3. Lack of support in distutils

> `distutils` is a package used for building Python wheels. It does not offer support for constraints files, so custom requirements parsers had to be added. An example parser can be found [here](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/tools/mo/setup.py) - functions `read_constraints()` and `read_requirements()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`distutils` is a package used for building Python wheels. It does not offer support for constraints files, so custom requirement parsers had to be added. A parser example can be found [here](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/tools/mo/setup.py) - functions `read_constraints()` and `read_requirements()`.
```

## Implementation in OpenVINO

> The implementation in OpenVINO is a subject to change. At the time of writing there are three `constraints.txt` files with the following requirements coverage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation in OpenVINO is a subject to change. At the time of writing, there are three `constraints.txt` files with the following requirement coverage:
```
